hi friends its Reading Week here at
Ryerson and that means I haven't been
doing a whole lot of work on my research
for my thesis project however I did want
to put up a video for you this week so
as you know I was in Orlando a few weeks
ago and when I was there I stopped by
the wisdom World of Harry Potter at
Universal Studios and I decided to do a
bit of a Hogwarts haul for you since I'm
the type of person who would spend all
of my money on things like wands and
robes that I would never actually use or
where I decided to go with a bit of a
plan I decided I was gonna spend $75 on
merchandise and I wanted to buy things
that I could use either in everyday life
or something that I would be more
inclined to wear in non Harry Potter
situations so the first thing I got was
a Gryffindor sweatshirt from Hogsmeade
it's got Gryffindor embroidered on the
front there and also has the Gryffindor
crest on the sleeve it's just like a
basic crewneck gray sweatshirt playing
on the back the sleeves are a bit long
but it's super warm and cozy and I will
definitely wear it to the class and in
other everyday life situations the
second thing I bought is a Hogwarts
postcard I collect postcards from
everywhere I go so I thought I might as
well pick one up at Hogwarts and if you
go to the owl post store right up beside
Ollivanders in Hogsmeade you can get a
Hogsmeade postmark on the back
my next stop was honeydukes of course
it's been a couple weeks so I only have
one sherbert lemon left I did pick up
some fall candies including Bertie Botts
every flavor beans and I was fairly
lucky and that my only unpleasant
flavors were black pepper and dirt and
while I was in honeydukes I also picked
up a sugar quill for a friend so it's
like a lollipop and on the end it's
dipped in ink so that you can wet the
bottom of it and write with it until the
ink runs out which is pretty cool
another cool thing they do at Universal
is you can go to the little Gringotts
Bank and Diagon Alley and switch your us
cash for green dots money and it comes
in a little cool envelope like this you
can then use your money to buy things at
Universal or even keep it as a souvenir
if you want it but it only comes in
denominations of 10 and 20 dollars so I
decided to spend fine while I was at the
park I also stopped by the leek cauldron
of course for lunch and while I was
there I got a nice frozen butter beer
which does taste like butterscotch in
case we were wondering and while I was
there I decided to upgrade my butter
beer to the collector mug so I got this
little plastic frosted mug it says
butter beer on the front there if that
will come into focus and on the back as
well it's just a fun mug it was like $4
so why not right so that's everything I
bought from Harry Potter it doesn't seem
like a lot but I definitely spent a lot
of money on it and once you factor in
the cost of the park tickets I spent way
more than I probably should have however
I'm a huge Harry Potter fan and so for
me it was totally worth it in terms of
the actual Harry Potter parks I loved it
I really enjoyed it there are only a few
rides but they are excellent and it
really does feel like you're in the
movies a little bit
it's only been a couple weeks since I
was at the Wizarding World of Harry
Potter but already I am dying to go back
and I'm dying to know if you've been and
if you have what are your favorite parts
so leave that in the comments below also
don't forget to like this video and hit
that subscribe button and I will see you
next week